[man] On the right, a new First.
[woman] Keith!
[man] People of the black bones,
you must all gather together
at the promised land.
[woman] Keith!
[panting]
[man] Keith Flick.
-[woman, weakly] Keith.
-[Boris] Genie, no!
You don't want to see!
-Keith.
-Genie!
[Eric] Her face,
it was mutilated.
[man] Just like the cycle
of death and rebirth,
it will repeat itself
over and over.
-[footsteps]
-[woman] Keith.
I love you, Keith.
[Keith screams]
[doctor]
I'll reconstruct it.
[Keith] Falling.
Shaking. Falling.
She'll look
just like she did before.
You have my word on that.
I'll do
everything I can for her.
[wind blowing]
[sobbing]
[Keith] A new First...
and another Fourth.
I should get to the library.
[woman vocalizing]
[bell tolling]
Oh, wow.
-It connected properly.
-[distant sirens]
Hey, Koku!
'Sup?
[Lily] The Royal Library?
Yes.
-What for?
-Uh...
well, for research.
You serious?
Can't you search
for what you need on the Web?
Not exactly. I don't have
a computer or cell phone.
You're right.
Now that you mention it,
-you don't, do you?
-I don't need them.
Wow. Really?
I'd die if I didn't have mine.
I won't. Trust me on that.
But they're handy.
I don't care much
about convenience.
-[sighs]
-[classic jazz playing]
You're kinda weird,
which explains why
you don't have a girlfriend.
You're way too fussy when it
comes to the little thin--
Hey, Lily, is this your day off?
Hmm? Well, I'm off-duty,
which is close enough.
So where were you heading to?
Run some errands.
All right, Koku,
what kinda girls are you into?
The right-brain kind,
older ones?
What would you say to me
introducing you to my friends?
Hey, wait.
Isn't that our turn right there?
-Whoopsie!
-[tires screech]
ROYAL LIBRARY
[librarian] Hmm.
This is expired.
Huh?
Look here. Happened
on the seventh of last month.
What? Mm.
You can renew it right away
if you have your I.D. on you.
[Keith scoffs]
This is expired,
too, you know...
-Eh?!
-since last year.
[groans]
Next person in line, this way.
Do you, uh,
know what Canopus is?
-It's a star.
-Hmm?
It's not visible
from this latitude,
but if you go further south,
you can see it
above the horizon.
-What?
-Oh, nothing.
I just didn't think
you'd know the answer.
Underestimated me, did you?
Do you know a lot
about the stars?
Not really,
but my high school boyfriend
was totally into stars
and stuff like that.
Oh, yeah, you know that museum
next door to the cathedral?
He'd drag me
to the planetarium there
and wouldn't stop
rambling about it.
Talk about a snore-fest.
But I kind of remember
the names of all the stars.
Let me tell you, those were
some really good times.
Hmm?
Was this "boyfriend"
a guy or a girl?
[groans] You really
underestimate me, don't you?
Yes, I suppose
this is acceptable.
Return here once you've
filled out the renewal form
at window three
down the hall to the right.
What? You said
it would be done right away!
And so it will, at window three.
Next, this way, please.
[woman vocalizing]
[woman] Touch Canopus.
[gasps]
[thumping]
[papers rustling]
-Huh?
-[groaning]
You all right, son?
Damn it.
[yelps]
Ow. [sobs]
You all right, son?
[scoffs] Great.
[groaning, panting]
Eh?
Hey, How's it goin'?
What happened to your leg?
Oh, sorry to intrude.
Leave.
Buns.
Are you deaf or something?
I said get outta here, so go.
Don't you like 'em?
I also have a zeppole
di San Guiseppe if you want.
Have you ever had one of those?
No, I have not. Now go away.
You've probably already
figured this out by now,
but I don't intend on giving up.
Let's have some buns.
Can't catch a break.
[chopping]
[chopping continues]
[Lily] Can I help with anything?
[gasps]
So I heard "Genie"
means "genius," right?
Who gave you
that nickname? Boris?
[Keith] I don't know.
[water dripping]
[chopping]
[groans]
Can we start
talking about Killer B?
We know his victims
are also perpetrators,
but these cases
are just so strange.
They're becoming
more complicated
as they become more brutal,
ending with the standard
"serial killer rampage
and self-destruction."
And the B mark left behind
is bolder and more assertive
than ever before.
Oh, a-and did you know
that over the past few years,
there have been thefts
of refined gold
that overlap with flashy crimes?
Foreign Affairs Section Two
is overseeing
these opportunistic crimes.
Although, lately it looks
like Killer B's crimes
have been low-key.
That's a little troubling,
wouldn't you agree?
Is B really B?
It's as if there's some
other meaning to his message,
and he's asking
someone else what that is.
And on top of that,
I've noticed that the Killer--
Here.
Uh, oh, what? Is this for me?
Eat, or get out.
Thanks for the food.
So eat, and then leave.
Not gonna happen.
[Lily] Jeez,
you sure are stubborn.
[scoffs]
[bells tolling]
Hmm?
Lily?
[gasps]
Mm. Hmm? Hmm? Hmm?!
[Lily groans]
Everything's all jumbled up
in my head now.
You want coffee?
Yeah, I'd love some. What kind?
-My blend.
-Eww.
[groans] Anyway,
it's all tangled together.
It's a bad omen.
I can't seem to shake
this feeling, and...
I tried to stop thinking,
because everyone told me to,
but that didn't last long.
So then, once I started thinking
about the case again,
all of my thoughts
got jumbled up inside my head.
I spent all night
agonizing over it,
so this morning,
I decided to come here.
That doesn't strike me as smart.
[Lily] "Smart doesn't
always mean right.
Sometimes being foolish
is the answer."
That's one of your lines,
isn't it?
Damn you, Boris.
Did he also give you my address?
He told me lots of things.
He likes to talk.
That man's old.
He'll ramble on and on
without me even asking.
But coming to see you today
was all my idea.
You can tell him this--
stop putting stupid ideas
in your head.
It's so annoying.
And here I thought
you were gonna be helpful!
I thought you were
the only person on the planet
who could untangle these
confusing knots in my head!
That's why I came here,
Keith Flick...
to talk to Genie, the genius.
...GERMAN
GENIUS, TALENTED, WIZ...
Wait. What? That's weird.
What's wrong with this?
Let's say the culprit
behind these recent incidents
-is this pastry...
-A tasty-looking criminal.
and this bun in the perp.
The zeppole is Killer B.
We know there's no interaction
between these two,
so there's a giant gap
in these cases.
If my theory's correct,
there's something we're missing
in this gap that links
the two cases together.
Ta-da!
Looks like a red-bean bun
on the outside,
but it's a coffee bun.
And if we tear the red bean bun
in half and...
[Lily] Now it makes sense.
[Keith] I've lost my appetite.
I know! It's a jumble, chaos!
Your point?
[groans] Don't you see it?
-See what?
-The structure of the cases!
So you're saying it's a mess?
Of course not!
Then what are you saying?
[groans]
The chaos is inside your head.
Figure this stuff out
before speaking, idiot.
If I could, I wouldn't
have needed to come here!
Why didn't you say that before?
And you owe these buns
an apology.
Playing with food at your age.
Idiots like you shouldn't make
pointless presentations.
-I'm not an-- [groans]
-Hmph.
Listen, I know that there's
a third player out there
no one knows about.
It's disguised
as something else,
so even though
it's in plain sight,
no one can see it.
There's a balance that's
currently being maintained,
but the instant the disguise
is revealed, it'll take action,
expanding with the speed
of a subatomic particle
and swallowing up
the whole country.
Then a cycle of multiple
incidents will begin,
and before we know it,
we'll all be reduced
to nothing more
than powerless spectators.
I know it sounds like
some stupid conspiracy theory,
but I can't find evidence
to the contrary.
That's what
I keep thinking about,
and my thoughts
get all mixed-up.
To be perfectly honest with you,
I'm scared.
-[yells]
-Wha?!
Huh?
[gasps]
[stammers]
[growls]
Now you listen here, idiot.
[gasps]
Keep your nose out of this.
Why should I do that?
For your own good.
What is that supposed to mean?
It means this isn't something
idiots should involve themselves
in out of mere curiosity.
[whimpers]
Now leave.
Well, since we're both
being so candid,
no way I'd listen to you!
You stupid--
[yells]
-[thump]
-[Lily yells]
[Boris groans]
[stammering]
[yells]
[yelps] Whoa ho ho!
[groans]
[Lily] Huh?
Boris?
The hell? Lily, are you two...
What is this,
kinky cops gone wild?!
[typing]
Hey, Kaela, what do you
have in mind to eat for dinner?
Uh, hmm?
Hmm.
What the...
Keith slipped and fell down,
and when I tried to help him up,
we both fell. That's all.
Sorry.
It's just when I came in...
What do you want?
Boris, anyone home?
Eh?
I got this from Boris.
"Everybody come
to Keith's place,
we're gonna do something."
We're having a party, right?
Mario's out buying the beer.
-[growls]
-What?!
It was an accident! Believe me!
I have no idea how to use this.
[Lily] You hit "group send."
[both grunting]
Wait a sec. Why is
your door smashed to hell?
[footsteps]
Well?
Very high purity
[sloshing]
Seems fine to me. Nicely done.
So where have
all the others gone?
Working their cover jobs.
They are all out.
You mean from Regulus?
Has his mood improved at all?
Quite the opposite.
Our retrieval of the quarry
is way behind schedule.
He's tougher than expected.
We can't take him on alone.
Not even Izanami
was a match for him.
We should give some thought
to reconsidering
our capture method.
If that's
your considered opinion,
perhaps I should inform Regulus.
No need.
This turned into
a drinking party pretty quickly.
Ah, come on.
Have some fun, why don't you?
How interesting.
[Keith] Quit acting so innocent.
This is all because of you
and your big mouth.
You talking about Lily?
[chuckles]
She's quite something,
don't you think?
I'm not talking about her,
you jackass.
Hmm. It's been five years
since I met Lily,
and I still can't tell if she's
brilliant or a fool, that girl.
-She's a fool.
-[laughs]
She's smarter
than we give her credit for,
but she's a strange one,
that's for sure.
[sighs]
[Boris] Just look at her.
She's a little wiseass,
but direct,
a lefty with big, brown eyes,
all in a tiny package.
[laughter inside]
In some ways,
doesn't she remind you of her?
Brr. It's freezing out here.
Okay. I'm off to take a leak.
[Kaela] Hey, it's Boris!
[Boris] I think
you've had enough.
[Kaela]
You're an old fuddy-duddy.
[Lily] Maybe he's right.
-[chatter continues]
-They're not alike.
[typing]
Huh?
[gasps]
May I offer you some help?
Nah, I'm good.
[stammers]
I was leaving anyway.
Okay.
-Bran?
-Good night.
Take care of the rest.
[sighs]
[Lily murmurs]
-[Boris sighs]
-[snoring]
-[cell phone ringing]
-Hmm?
It's Brandon.
Mm-mmm-mm...
Oh, yeah. I completely
forgot to invite him.
Hello.
Where are you?
We're all over
at Keith's place.
Huh? Keith's?
Yeah, Eric already left.
You coming?
[Kaela] Jean left, too!
What a party pooper.
[Boris] Oh, and, uh,
pick up some beers.
[Kaela] Oh, and don't forget
about the snacks!
[camera whirring]
[sighs]
I'm on my way.
-[hangs up]
-Hmm?
What a weirdo.
Come on.
Hurry, you stupid elevator.
[elevator bell dings]
[shudders]
POLLUTED AREA
NO TRESPASSING
[woman vocalizing]
[child]
Koku? Koku? Are you okay?
You sure are sentimental.
[child #2] I hope we meet again.
[child #3] We will.
[group]
This is all for you.
[Izanami] Touch Canopus.
They may call me a demon...
but I'll do whatever it takes...
to find you.
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ There's somewhere
That we belong ♪
♪ And God
Has never played his role ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul ♪
♪ It's a perfect world
We're longing for ♪
♪ So long ♪
♪ Cursing shadows ♪
♪ Hunt and gather ♪
♪ In the city of no answer ♪
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming